Add License and a warning in the README (#13)
grandcentrix/thingsboard-sdk: README.md

This module uses RPC calls to fetch the current time stamp from the server. You have to implement this RPC call in your rule chain for this to work. An example implementation can be found when you import `root_rule_chain.json` into your Thingsboard tenant.

[!WARNING]

> Please note that this library evolved from code written in a hackathon at grandcentrix.
> It is still under development and not intended to be used in a production environment yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider this implementation experimental. 
This library evolved from code written during a hackathon at grandcentrix where we wanted to explore and evalutate Thingsboards.
It is still under development and not intended to be used in a production environment (yet).
```

Author: Done.
